Minor fixes to guides, ready for release. (#491)
codeplaysoftware/oneapi-construction-kit: doc/developer-guide.md

  -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD='X86;ARM;AArch64'
```

Note that `RISCV` will need to be added to `-DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD` for any
RISC-V target, and `-DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS=clang;lld` will be required for most

> non "host" targets e.g. `refsi`.

Reviewer: Given that the instructions are not meant to be optimal, merely meant to work, maybe we should just have the instructions say `-DLLVM_ENABLE_PROJECTS='clang;lld' -DLLVM_TARGETS_TO_BUILD='X86;ARM;AArch64;RISCV`. This should work in all cases. We can then add a note saying that lld is only needed in some cases, and it's not necessary to build all targets, but it still gives a command that people can just copy and paste.

Author: I think that makes sense, yes

  -DCA_LLVM_INSTALL_DIR=$LLVMInstall
```

> This will build a `host` target, which will run on the machine it is built on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will build a `host` target, which will run device code on the machine that the oneAPI Construction Kit runs on.
```
This is not necessarily the machine that it is built on.
